
Template: zabbix-agent/server
Type: string
Description: Zabbix server host address:
 Please enter the host name or IP address of the Zabbix server you
 want to connect to.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Adresa počítače se serverem Zabbix:
 Zadejte prosím název nebo IP adresu počítače se serverem Zabbix, ke kterému se chcete připojit.
Description-da.UTF-8: Værtsadresse for Zabbixserver:
 Indtast venligst værtsnavn eller IP-adresse på Zabbixserveren du ønsker at forbinde til.
Description-de.UTF-8: Host-Adresse des Zabbix-Server:
 Bitte geben Sie den Hostnamen oder die IP-Adresse des Zabbix-Servers an, zu dem Sie sich verbinden wollen.
Description-es.UTF-8: Dirección de la máquina del servidor de Zabbix:
 Introduzca el nombre de la máquina o la dirección IP del servidor de Zabbix al que quiere conectarse.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Zabbix zerbitzariaren ostalari helbidea:
 Mesedez zehaztu konektatu nahi duzun Zabbix zerbitzariaren ostalari izena edo IP helbidea.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Zabbix-palvelimen verkko-osoite:
 Anna sen Zabbix-palvelimen verkkonimi tai IP-osoite, johon haluat ottaa yhteyden.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Adresse du serveur Zabbix??:
 Veuillez entrer le nom ou l'adresse du serveur Zabbix auquel vous voulez vous connecter.
Description-it.UTF-8: Nome macchina o indirizzo del server Zabbix:
 Inserire il nome della macchina o l'indirizzo IP del server Zabbix a cui connettersi.
Description-ja.UTF-8: Zabbix サーバのアドレス:
 接続先の Zabbix サーバのホスト名か IP アドレスを入力してください。
Description-nl.UTF-8: Adres van de Zabbix-server:
 Wat is de computernaam of het IP-adres van de Zabbix-server waarmee u verbinding wilt maken?
Description-pt.UTF-8: Endereço do servidor Zabbix:
 Por favor, insira o nome ou endereço do servidor Zabbix ao qual deseja ligar.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Endereço de máquina do servidor Zabbix:
 Por favor, informe o nome de máquina ou o endereço IP do servidor Zabbix ao qual você quer conectar.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Адрес сервера Zabbix:
 Введите имя машины или IP-адрес сервера Zabbix, к которому вы хотите подключиться.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Värdadress till Zabbix-servern:
 Ange värdnamnet eller adressen till den Zabbix-server som du vill ansluta till.
